welcome to another edition of gaming
with cam here and this is a video
walkthrough / commentary for those who
haven't had the chance to experience a
rampant know yet I've only gotten two of
them so this is taken earlier in
November of this year this is my very
first rampant metal now when you first
get it or you want to go for it as you
know the more kills you get the higher
your street gets the more nervous you
get and I'm sure a lot of you can even
those who get rampant metals on a
regular basis the more kills you get you
get more pumped up the adrenaline starts
pumping and you get more nervous
wondering where the fuck is that guy
going to come out that's going to get
you your soul fucking jacked up just as
soon as you hear something you're like
jumping at the small sound because you
think at all or some you know random
grenades gonna get your some shit so
anyhow this is an actual ugly game for
me as you can see ugly ugly I wasted two
like I got I was wasted a fucking
brother none of this I can't hit nothing
nothing wasted one RPG shot a grenade my
whole clip for desert eagle like what
the fuck was I doing but either way I
got two kills at this point and I'm
going and I'm looking at it's coming
right now we're kind of up by five so
still no decent game I suppose but one
thing that I I mentioned is I think in
my other thing is your camera is huge
where you place your camera will
determine how ready you are right now
boom you got to be ready for that and
this is all the time in the temple
always I'm looking in every area because
rate Oh
this guy doing i have no idea no idea
he's camping there no one's around them
but anyway can't move the camera around
so you know what's there I didn't go
after him because I have an AK chances
are yeah I wouldn't really get unless he
came into the open saw something over
there got somebody but I couldn't find
him I couldn't see him right so at this
point I'm not sure what i'm doing i know
i thought i could go for pull down no
one's there except oh give me a second
to realize i was going for a triple
didn't get it but there we go oh I was
nice there just camping I liked it moody
for free more like kills first room I
like it this has been a while since I
actually watched this so I don't even
remember I remember the outcome but I
don't even I don't even know if I do any
better with the RPG this time that is my
second here in the game but like i said
i do remember it was an ugly game for me
so like in this case this is it's the
end result that matters oh yeah this
part confuses me boom hit him doesn't
kill him two guys run out like a fucking
magic trick that one I missed out of my
bed but this part I'm pretty proud of
not only do I you know I'm killing
people regular ways but boom I can pull
out a barbecue medium rare that's why I
like my steak bitch and i want for free
I was pretty happy with that but then
yeah I had to pick up my AK so I'm using
her covered don't know why he's standing
like an idiot but he's taking it like a
prison bitch so
you drop the soap on our so far so good
join my commando see people over there
ok there's my fear i'm at 10 right now
so i'm starting to feel kinda knows i'm
like oh shit we're doing pretty good and
I just picked up a hammer so I know like
I got some pretty good stuff coming up
but I'm also worried like the back of my
head right now he's sitting there like
all who the fuck is gonna come out to
the side who else gonna get me Plus how
you used five I think four or five
hammer shots just hit one kill now
that's just weak I call myself out on
that that's weak and now I have no gun
except for my sidearm and I have a bunch
of guys coming at me how do I handle it
oh he's not coming at me it's okay
that's fine oh fuck out of the way
grenades there's a guy over there aiming
at me he's running at me I don't know
what the fuck you doing but I'll take it
plus now i got another weapon and it
kills are racking up i'm getting more
and more fucking nerves i do not wanna
fucking die at this point I'd never
gotten a rampant metal before there
you're going down
there no nothing doing there so right
now looking looking okay nothing there
there at this point I was so lucky he
fucking did that there's my rage Oh
rocket launcher just missioning so my 15
kills right now and the score is at 31
so at this point I'm shaking in my
fucking boots I'm just fucking worried
I'm gonna get some cheap fucking grenade
coming out of nowhere you know or some
guy come up behind me for the you know
it's not my neck so I'm just trying to
stay alive I'm gonna fuck out fuck that
shit I'm going for an 8k this is why I'm
running around like a bitch cuz I'm not
I don't like to foul out like the birds
fire I like the continual stream of the
AK so I couldn't get it so I had no
choice but to go with it so not only am
I like weird i'm also out of my element
because i prefer not to use the foul
that much i'm looking for the AK all i
can find is fucking fouls I remember
myself being pissed off about to my
mother fucka 180k but that's way it goes
hey I'm biting it to like this plan
biting my bottom lip because i want the
kills and the score is slowly going up i
have 15 at the moment I've had I've
assisted in two after I got my like rage
and I can't find anyone luckily there we
go I say fuck it I go for my sidearm
again the triple threat that's 16 11
kills left to the game's over that's
something i have in the back of my head
so I'm listening now where that you were
the fuck is shit going down my guys are
in the yellow that was going over here
oh my god he is like here with the
shotgun and she jumped like 50 feels
great I knew I was gonna take care of
that so I moved over here so I'm looking
looking straight shot big size give it
to me
there we go commando 44 there is six
kills left before the game is over and I
cannot die but I need to get these kills
one okay Oh almost got me I'm kind in
the gray right now 45 long range no
nothing I'm getting out of here
wondering what's going on they just
fucking stream out of there got him now
I am out of ammo I have nothing left to
do there's two kills left what happened
boom got it with one kill to go and my
side I'm I was going to go for 21 with
this guy I was waiting just waiting for
it waiting for it I wanted the last one
really really bad I can taste it but oh
yeah my perfect to my barbecue at this
point I care you shoot me all he wanted
but that was my first rampant metal and
I hope for those of you who haven't got
yours yet you will get to enjoy it it
feels fucking great and for those of you
who have I'm you know glad we're part of
the club and hopefully I'll get to see
you guys all online soon thanks for
watching